---
layout: post
title: Post Zero
category: blog
tags: ['blog']

excerpt: First introductory post.
---

Hi, I'm Borislav, and you can read more about me in [the About page](/about).

This is the umpteenth time I start a blog. Hopefully this time I'll have the... well perseverance I guess... to regularly write about interesting stuff that I learn. I think it's important and it helps me learn better. The lazyness gets me, though. Well, not this time! *Fingers crossed.*

This blog is mainly for me, but I'll be glad if it can help someone with something.

For now I don't intend for it to be purely technical, but I'll try to make at least one technical post a month which describes something new that I've learned... or at least something old that I'm going back to.

I do intend however to keep the blog purely in English. My writings in Bulgarian will be added to the [Articles](/articles) page along with old articles in English and possibly new ones, which I've written specifically to be published in another media.

## Implementation details

This is website powered by [jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com){:target="_blank"}. The template borrows a lot of styles from the [Modernist theme](https://github.com/pages-themes/modernist){:target="_blank"}, but it's actually custom-made. I am by no means a web developer but just wanted to try writing some html to see what it's like.

For now the site is hosted with [GitHub pages](https://pages.github.com/){:target="_blank"}. I don't know if this will ever change, but I do intend to keep it entirelly open source (for all it's worth). The source is [here](https://github.com/iboB/ibob.github.com){:target="_blank"}.

## Fin

Well that's it for an intro post. Off to the next one?
